---
created: Tuesday, November 15th 2022 - 22.44
updated: Tuesday, November 15th 2022 - 22.44
---
The best-known copywriting formula is also known as the princess of copywriting formulas. What AIDA stands for is not that complicated to understand, and it makes quite a lot of sense.

So, according to AIDA, an ad has to:

-   draw **ATTENTION** (get your reader’s attention).
-   create **INTEREST** (it has to be interesting information that actually appeals to your reader).
-   create **DESIRE** (describe the benefits of your product or services and bring proof that it does what you promise).
-   inspire people to take **ACTION** (ask for a response from your reader).

**Example:** _Sneak peek! Our amazing, fast marketing learning project is ready: “The ultimate guide to learning marketing fast and easy from the comfort of your home”. Want in?_

**How do you use AIDA on social media?**

Here are a few things to pay attention to – and the key ingredients you need to pay attention to are in this famous acronym.

-   **A**ttention – grab your audience’s attention with intriguing copy and eye-catching graphics/photography.
-   **I**nterest – ensure that your posts are being seen by the right people (you don’t want to waste your advertising budget); you can use your social media’s interest filtering for that.
-   **D**esire – provide honest and useful offers and information – otherwise, not even an award-winning picture will help you achieve a conversion.
-   **A**ction – write a clear and direct call to action; guide your reader through your marketing funnel and then start measuring.

Also, AIDA is best used when you have some sort of proof you can provide after the formula. The proof could be in the form of a client testimonial or even case studies.

**Example:**

_1. Sneak peek! Our amazing, fast marketing learning project is ready: “The ultimate guide to learning marketing fast and easy from the comfort of your home”. Want in?_

_2. The unique product formula you have been waiting for in a hair dye is on our shelves. No more damaged hair. No more hair loss over unhealthy ingredients invading your scalp. You can finally experience healthy hair care! Available in our salon and online. Happy shopping!_