---
created: Tuesday, November 15th 2022 - 22.44
updated: Tuesday, November 15th 2022 - 22.44
---
You may have heard about storytelling and most likely it didn’t ring any bell. We mean why on earth would you call ‘storytelling’ a copywriting formula? It’s basically telling stories, right?

Well, storytelling is probably the oldest type of formula that’s embedded into our human nature. So you might think: “Anybody can do that”. But, as it turns out it has more layers than that. So, let’s peel the onion (crying is not mandatory), shall we?

Storytelling is actually a very popular method, used because it allows us to visualize what is being portrayed in the stories. Which in marketing is kind of an important layer – helps consumers put themselves into the story you are telling. It also helps consumers imagine what it would be like if the events of the story were happening to them.

If you can make your audience feel the feelings associated with the story you are telling and they get to the point where they relate to the storyteller, as well as to the characters in the story, you are halfway there.

Here are some steps to creating your story:

**1. The Pain** (step 1: the beginning part of your story) – is all about the specific pains your customers are experiencing at the moment.

-   _-You don’t have to leave your home and your baby to make money._ (targeting the pain of a stay-at-home mom)

**2. The Transformation** (step 2: the ending part of your story) – has to do with writing about the transformation your product/services will help your customers to achieve.

_Our ‘10 Lessons To Earn Money From Home’ ultimate guide, will:_

-   _Help you discover what career you should be focusing on_
-   _Teach you the basics for 10 jobs you can do from home_
-   _Help you start your favorite job right away_
-   _Help you earn money without leaving your baby and the comfort of your home_

**3. The Journey** (step 3: the middle part of your story) – here you can write about the steps or the journey that will take your customers from step 1 to step 2.  
_Here are some steps to work from home like a pro, and spend time with your baby, too:_

-   _Read the books and watch the video from the Lessons package we provide_
-   _Discover the tips to become the best at the job of your choice_
-   _You can connect with other moms who go through the same process as you, on a private Facebook Group_
-   _Once you connect to our App, you’ll be able to section your time in a smart way – so you can learn the right amount of information each day_

What’s important here is to **get really specific with each step and transform your reader into the hero of the story.** Use the right words to show your readers exactly how they’ll benefit from buying your products. And ultimately keep in mind that **storytelling in copywriting has to do with using your reader’s pain point, pursuit, and point of success** to convince them to buy your products or your services.