---
created: Tuesday, November 15th 2022 - 22.36
updated: Tuesday, November 15th 2022 - 22.36
---
Figure out what are the benefits you are going to enlist. Then simply include the most important benefit into the headline. Being very clear about the main benefit is a must – which means you need to be aware of what the main benefit is for your target audience. This again leads us to the importance of knowing your target audience.

Your headline on social media is an ad for your post which has the role to convince your readers that your link should be clicked on because it has, in fact, the answers they are looking for.

**Example:**

-   5 Tips to create amazing infographics in minutes
-   Top marketing trends from the past 3 months you need to know about
-   How to stop drinking right now and never start again
-   Complete guide to preparing delicious vegan meals [Videos]
-   Sharing news? Then publish the kind of news your audience cares about.

Look for the kind of news you know for sure that your audience would be interested in and then share it. When doing so, make sure to somehow bring your news in the headline. If you manage to do that it is most likely that your readers will click on your news content.

Again, this will only work as long as your news presents importance to your audience and has the ability to bring something new into your readers’ lives.

For instance, when you are talking about your products or your services you could announce discounts or some products related to new features they can try out.

**Example:** _Try our social media management tool with a 50% discount starting October 1st. Don’t miss out!_