---
created: Tuesday, November 1st 2022 - 08.33
updated: Tuesday, November 1st 2022 - 08.33
---
```toc
```

---
Today's Log
---
- [ ] 
- [ ] 

---
Create an Image class that supports image cloning. Multiple tools make copy-pasting images possible by cloning them.

Implementation of class _Size_ is already provided.

1.  This class has a constructor _Size(width, height)_ to set the width and height of the _Size_ object created.

Implement the _Image_ class with the following constructor and methods:

1.  The constructor _Image(String url, Size size)_ sets the url and size of the image object created.
2.  The method _getUrl()_ returns the _url_.
3.  The method _setUrl(url)_ updates the _url_.
4.  The method _setSize(width, height)_ updates the _width_ and _height_ values of the size property.
5.  The method _getSize()_ returns the size of the image as a _Size_ object.
6.  The method _cloneImage()_ returns a clone of the current image. Return a new _Image_ instance with the same properties (_url_ and _size_) as the current object.

The locked stub code validates the correctness of the _Image_ class implementation by performing the following operations on the images:

-   _Clone Id_: This operation creates a clone of the image.
-   _UpdateUrl Id newUrl_: This operation updates the _url_ of the image.
-   _UpdateSize Id newWidth newHeight_: This operation updates the _size_ of the image.

After performing all the operations, the locked stub code prints the url and size of each image.