---
created: Tuesday, November 15th 2022 - 22.44
updated: Tuesday, November 15th 2022 - 22.44
---
PAS is also powerful because sometimes problems can attract even more attention than benefits. Hence, enter PAS!

This formula stands for:

-   **PROBLEM**
-   **AGITATE**
-   **SOLUTION**

The way this formula works is first you describe a problem. Then you agitate by highlighting the emotions that go with the problem. And the last step is to offer the solution. Your solution.

Example:

_Frustrated with your job?_

_Millions of people admit feeling bad about their job. If you don’t make a change, you’ll remain miserable and frustrated for the rest of your life._

_The good news is we can help you. Check out ‘The Ultimate Guide to Changing your Career in 14 Days” and start enjoying life again. You deserve to be happy, even at work!_ 

With PAS your writing will have consistency, precision, and persuasion.

Also, **PAS allows you to evaluate other people’s content you want to share (content curation)**.  So, as you read, listen, or watch and also think about the problem it solves, you also need to find out how it agitates that problem, and how ultimately solves it.

Once you figure all these out, you are ready to write your curation post. **The great thing about this formula is that it works for any text-based social platform, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter.**

On Twitter you’ll obviously need to write the formula in fewer than 280 characters – maybe 120-140 characters only, as you need space for the short link.

Example: _Is your boss ignoring you? Learn how to deal with the situation or figure out a way to get noticed. Here’s how._ (the ‘Here’s how’ is your solution in this case – followed by a link people can click on and find out ‘how’, find the solution)

The reason this copywriting formula works so well is that it highlights the negative parts people generally want to avoid, like problems, pains, challenges, risks, and other difficult issues.

So, instead of framing your content in a positive manner and trying to sell the benefits of your product or services, make people become aware of what will happen if they don’t purchase your solution.